README.md, before:

# Snyk-Kubernetes-reconciler
Stop-gap visibility while V3 of the enterprise monitor is not GA

# Disclaimers 

1. This will work with Dockerfiles
2.  If you are looking to do cadenced runs you can easily convert this to a cronjob (https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs/)

# How to Deploy

To deploy the K8s reconciler, you will first need to create the relevant Role resources; within the K8s folder, there is a file roleResources.yaml which contains: A serviceAccount, ClusterRole, ClusterRoleBinding. 

The serviceAccount gets mounted into the pod and the cluster scope is needed to grab all pods, to deploy you need to run
 `'kubectl apply -f roleResources.yaml'`
 
 If there is an issue deploying this file, you can apply them individually as well.

Once the Resources are created you will need to modify the 'job.yaml' to include your environment variables (This will most likely be changed to a configmap in the future). 

After adding in your vars, you can run a job
` 'kubectl apply -f job.yaml'. `
 

# Troubleshooting

Depending on the CRI you may need to modify both the script and the (cron)job. If you are using containerd you'll have to replace the 'docker tag {}{} with' 'crictl', as well as change the socket mounts in the job YAML file to reflect the underlying CRI. The dockerfile does come with the config for both crictl/docker-cli, one or the other can be removed and this can be rebuilt without the other to trim down on image size.

Commit message:

Credential logic (#5)
* Cleanup

Remove some of the testing resources from the public repo and add dockerignore

* Update .dockerignore

* Clean up and remove docker commands

- Added some simple logging so users can see progress.

- removed a lot of the logic for retagging images to clean up the code as the feature is not complete and the code should remain on the docker tag branch

* Add logic for credentials

- Added logic for credentials in the python script and reflected the changes in the job.yaml

- changed readme to reflect the new secret requirement as well as removed the crictl stuff as its no longer relevant

* Beautified readMe

Added code snippets to places with commands

* Update job.yaml

Changed job env vars to secret refs so we are not storing api tokens in plain text

README.md, after:

# Snyk-Kubernetes-reconciler
Stop-gap visibility while V3 of the enterprise monitor is not GA

# Disclaimers 

1. This will work with Dockerfiles
2.  If you are looking to do cadenced runs you can easily convert this to a cronjob (https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs/)

# How to Deploy


To deploy the K8s reconciler, you will first need to create the relevant Role resources; within the K8s folder, there is a file roleResources.yaml which contains: A serviceAccount, ClusterRole, ClusterRoleBinding. The serviceAccount gets mounted into the pod and the cluster scope is needed to grab all pods, to deploy you need to run `kubectl apply -f roleResources.yaml`. If there is an issue deploying this file, you can apply them individually as well.

Once the Resources are created you will need to create a secret named `snyk-creds` in the namespace your job runs. The following command can be used to generate the secret, there is no need to include the `Token` prefix for your APITOKEN:
```
kubectl create secret generic snyk-creds \                       
        --from-literal=DOCKERUSERNAME=myUsername \
        --from-literal=DOCKERPASSWORD=myPassword \
        --from-literal=ORGID=mySnykOrg \
        --from-literal=APITOKEN=myToken
```
After creating your secret, you can run a job with `kubectl apply -f job.yaml`. If you are looking to do cadenced runs you can easily convert this to a cronjob (https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs/)
